README.md, before:

# Accessibility-Project
## Description
The first project of UT's Coding bootcamp in which I must ensure that the code provided to me adheres to the accessibility guidelines. I was eager to prove my ability to make a website accessible.
The starter code is a main landing page for a company called Horiseon. It provides information on marketing for businesses, but was lacking some images, alt image defining words, and the layout was inaccurate to how the client wanted it. I learned how to fix these errors to keep in mind differently-abled people and make the website accessible.
## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

No installation required, simply open the link below.

## Usage
To test the accessibility of this iste, turn on your screen reader and check it out!

    ![Project Page Screenshot](https://github.com/manyLizards/Accessibility-Project/blob/main/assets/images/Challenge-1-Screenshot.png "Challenge 1 Screenshot")
See the deployed page here. https://manylizards.github.io/Accessibility-Project/


## Credits

The challenge was presented to me by the University of Texas' Online Boot Camp.

## License

MIT License

Commit message:

Added tutorial to toggle voiceover

README.md, after:

# Accessibility-Project
## Description
The first project of UT's Coding bootcamp in which I must ensure that the code provided to me adheres to the accessibility guidelines. I was eager to prove my ability to make a website accessible.
The starter code is a main landing page for a company called Horiseon. It provides information on marketing for businesses, but was lacking some images, alt image defining words, and the layout was inaccurate to how the client wanted it. I learned how to fix these errors to keep in mind differently-abled people and make the website accessible.
## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

No installation required, simply open the link below.

## Usage
To test the accessibility of this site, turn on your screen reader and check it out! (Windows: windows key + ctl + enter to start and stop) (Mac: Apple menu > System Settings > Accessibility > Voiceover)

![Project Page Screenshot](https://github.com/manyLizards/Accessibility-Project/blob/main/assets/images/Challenge-1-Screenshot.png "Challenge 1 Screenshot")
See the deployed page here. https://manylizards.github.io/Accessibility-Project/

## Credits

The challenge was presented to me by the University of Texas' Online Boot Camp.

## License

MIT License
